
This README details how this research directory is structured, how
files should be run, what the different files do, and what to do if
the directory is outside of Luke's computer system.

If the files within this project are going to be run, the prerequisite
programs are: make (GNU make), LaTeX (TeXLive or MikTeX, etc.; also
will likely need pgfplotstable from LaTeX), pandoc (for the markdown
conversion), shell script, SAS, R, knitr (for R)

The project directory is structured with dataset, scripts, output, and
report folders:

	dataset folder contains the dataset (both the original and the
	project subsetted dataset), all of which are write-locked to
	prevent accidental changes to the data.  If the dataset is
	within its original file structure (i.e. the original dataset
	is located in the operating system), then just type "make
	refresh" in the terminal to update the dataset.  Otherwise,
	the dataset remains as it was since its last update.

	scripts folder contains the scripts which runs the analyses
	and figure generations, outputting them into the output
	folder.  There are various .sas and .R files that achieve
	different purposes, for example, the "variables.sas" file
	subsets the original dataset and creates relevant variables
	while the "analysis.sas" file will run the analyses and output
	the results that can also be used in the generation of the
	report.

	functions folder within the scripts folder contains the files
	that have all the needed functions, macros, and formats for
	the script files in the scripts folder.  These files are
	read-only.  If they need to be updated, type "make refresh"
	into the terminal (Note: this will not work if the original
	files are not present on the system).

	output folder (with the internal figs folder) will contain all
	the output files generated from the SAS and R scripts which
	are necessary for the analysis and the report.  The idea
	behind the output folder is that you should be able to delete
	all the files, run the scripts again, and generate all the
	necessary result files.  In fact, in the base directory of the
	project folder (./), the command "make clean" should be run in
	the terminal to delete all output files to make sure that the
	script files are generating all the needed output files.

	report folder contains the files to create the final report
	for the research project.  The hope is that all the results
	within the report can be generated multiple times (using knitr
	and pgfplotstable) so that if the analysis changes, all
	numbers do not need to be re-entered.  This process is known
	as "reproducible research" and should aggressively be adhered
	to, to be as scientific as possible.  In order to generate the
	document, type the command "cd ./report", followed by "make"
	into the terminal to generate the document in pdf format.
	Changes to the report that require another "make" run do not
	need to "cd" again.  To create a Word/OpenDocument final
	report, first the package "tex4ht" in the
	${ProjectDir}ManuscriptMain.tex file must be uncommented, then
	simply type "make doc" into the terminal.

